React Native v.71 Compliance (#4097)
wix/Detox: docs/introduction/partials/_getting-started-rn.md

<!-- markdownlint-configure-file { "first-line-h1": 0 } -->

Detox was built from the ground up to support "classic" React Native projects.

:::info Note

While Detox should work out of the box with almost any React Native version from the past few minor releases, official support is provided for React Native versions `0.70.x` and `0.71.x` without React Native's ["New Architecture"](https://reactnative.dev/docs/the-new-architecture/landing-page).

> Official support means that we test Detox against these versions and potentially fix issues that are specific to them. This does not mean that Detox will not work with other versions, but rather that we do not test Detox against them and do not fix issues that are specific to them.

Reviewer: Wow wow wow, too long. I got confused while reading. Try to make it simpler somehow and x2 or x3 shorter. @asafkorem

Author: lol, OK, I can see that. I'll do it :+1:

Author: 2x shorter:
> Official support means we actively test Detox on certain versions and fix their unique issues. Detox might work with other versions, but we don't test or fix issues specific to them.

3x shorter (less information):
> Detox might work with other versions, but we don't test or fix issues specific to them.

> Official support means that we test Detox against these versions and potentially fix issues that are specific to them. This does not mean that Detox will not work with other versions, but rather that we do not test Detox against them and do not fix issues that are specific to them.

Author: ```suggestion
Newer versions, as well as React Native's "New Architecture", may work with Detox, but have not been tested out yet by the Detox team.
```

> Newer versions, as well as React Native's "New Architecture", may work with Detox, but have not been tested out yet by the Detox team. In case of a problem with a more recent React Native version or with React Native's "New Architecture", please [submit an issue](https://github.com/wix/Detox/issues/new/choose) and we will do our best to help you out and to address the issue once we will support these versions officially.

Author: ```suggestion
Although we do not officially support older React Native versions, we do our best to keep Detox compatible with them.
```

> Although we do not officially support older React Native versions, we do our best to keep Detox compatible with them to the extent possible, as long as it does not require us to compromise on the quality of Detox's codebase.

Author: ```suggestion
Also, in case of a problem with an unsupported version of React Native, please [submit an issue](https://github.com/wix/Detox/issues/new/choose) or write us in our [Discord server](https://discord.gg/CkD5QKheF5) and we will do our best to help out.
```
